don't you ever
besmirch billy i can't stop
i can't stop i can't i can't stop
robin my deepest condolences to robin
ward's family
i was chasing these bank robbers
she just stepped in the middle of the
street she was a half step off the
[ __ ] curb
now come on huey just uh don't get upset
okay just
he knows thought wants to do the right
thing offer you
45 000 in restitution can i think about
it
please welcome starlight
just roll with the punches for like
three minutes maybe it's not a big deal
and then you know what happens
all your dreams come true
[Music]
oh for grace sakes clean yourself up
i happen to know about compound v now i
can make sure that that stays a rumor
because i'm a friend i heard what
happened to robin
i'm sorry who are you she wasn't in the
street she was one step off the [ __ ]
curb and you
didn't take the payoff name's butcher
billy butcher here's what you do
ringboard tell them you'll take the
money sign the nda but only
if a train's there in person when you do
it then they'll take you
into the seven tower through security me
and then you're gonna plant a bug
a bug a buck and we'll have a little
listen
see what's really going on you think i
wouldn't find this thing huey
i'm willing to come down to 230 million
for nubian prince that's very reasonable
maddie thank you
have a safe flight home oh my god
sorry you're not a fat you hear that
that's the old bill so unless you want
to explain why you got america's
favorite invisible wanker
dead on the floor give us a [ __ ] hand
oh yeah you dumb
[ __ ] are [ __ ] dead you got
translucent in your tongue nothing gets
past you mate
hey did you hear about the mayor of
baltimore yeah
heard his plane went down some sort of
engine trouble i saw him on tuesday i
had a meeting with him right here
well hug your kids right cause you never
know what might happen
he can reorder his carbon on his skin
into metal material
his hardest diamonds it's nearly
impossible to penetrate
rounds coated in the same carbon
metamaterial as his skin
you stupid [ __ ] [ __ ] i'm
invincible
oh [ __ ] yeah oh [ __ ] and so glad you did
it in plain clothes
so you could blow your secret identity
are they gonna fire me
just be in stillwell's office at 10.
what are you doing chucking our
invisible friend
why because i got it
what did you do to me stuck a lump of
plastic
up your bum son
get the [ __ ] back in that cage
i can't wear that what why not
it's not me it's my body
i have the right to choose how much of
it i show that is true
you do you just won't be doing it in the
seven unless
it is wrapped in that boy where do you
think you're going i'm going home i need
clothes we'll get you clothes
i want my clothes were you going
somewhere i have never told you
everything how much i [ __ ] hate pizza
rolls now you love pizza rolls when i
was seven
that's popcorn right adrian's girlfriend
according to translucent
i train knows this bird inside out all i
need is your ipv6 number
every desktop every smart tv in the
house has a camera on it they probably
have one in every room
why don't you just tell me where the v
is please what's the problem
if i don't win i'm out nobody wants the
second fastest man in the seven
what the hell is compound v sounds like
some kind of performance enhancer if we
get a bit
can you work out well i can run some
tests of course but there's no way of
knowing unless i try so myself
annie huey from the bench the other day
how the hell do you know starlight i
don't really know her nowhere
you get a number uh yeah got it
good hey train how are you celebrating
tonight
uh well you know me i'm always in the
game but i'm
too fast to catch
[ __ ] hell you said it
you're a smart lad but you still ain't
tweaked to the one weakness they all got
their reputations we're gonna help you
sort out this little mess
and all you've got to do is tell us
everything you know
about this a [ __ ] porpoise found this
at the bottom of the harbor
is that translucent i still think we got
nothing to worry about
whoever it was they just declared war
god damn it frenchie
oh my god
v so a train's running an ear and these
blokes
are those in the asian bird were there
we're sniffing down a ship's sandwich a
size of watergate
vort and the soups are both going to be
looking for her all we got to do
is find the female first what'd you do
what the hell are you talking about
who did you tell about compound b i
didn't tell
anyone starlight yeah it's nothing i
mean we were supposed to
go on a date call about right now you're
[ __ ] going you're gonna hotmark her
phone from now on we hear everything
she says
it's all safe you're all gonna be fine
captain
there you go just relax
hey think we're done here
oh sweetheart of course i'm gonna save
you you betcha
she ain't no spice girl
we arrived three minutes after the plane
went down
why because we're not in the chain of
command
if they let us into the military then
this
will never happen again that is my
solemn promise to you
together we will make sure that this
never happens to our great nation
ever again fifteen thousand dollars for
an exclusive vip experience with the
z-cam
seriously well starlight's one of the
headliners right she'll get you in
what's the matter are you worried your
fake suit girlfriend's gonna think
you're using her
this is from that club you took me to
you remembered our first night together
untouched
so who the hell is he huh something
running down on our own
oh baby you're starlight of the seven
millions of kids are looking up to you
now is there any way you could hook me
up with
one of those diamond club passes you
know to
see ezekiel what do you want you want a
little bit of money are you here for
money
you ship boxes label this polio vaccine
but they're not really polio vaccine are
they
they're compound v you tell me where
they're going can you tell me how many
boxes you ship
i can't do that you want to know why
because i believe
that what god wants me to do is find the
filthy bastards that masterminded this
whatever came their own
and introduced it to a little thing
called god's judgment
anyone who tells you they know the
answers is lying
and i know i know i'm supposed to be
this hero idol symbol whatever but
i don't know what the hell i'm doing i'm
done pretending
and i'm done taking any more [ __ ] oh my
god
jesus that's a [ __ ] baby soup
chosen but got my ass these [ __ ] are
made in a [ __ ] lab
that that was a great speech i'm so glad
how was your quality time with ezekiel
huh any more vip tickets or a goodie bag
my girlfriend died
what happened not too long ago and i
came here looking for a way to get out
of the [ __ ] that i'm in right now i mean
you're right there's
nobody knows and that's the only [ __ ]
thing i've heard all day that's makes
any sense at all
why don't you cut the petulant diva [ __ ]
show a little [ __ ] gratitude and let
us do our job
no i'm sorry
no red carpets no reality tv and no
noxsema commercials
and i think that firing an employee
after she reported sexual assault on
live tv might tank your stock price
i'm gonna need you to make a public
apology and you're going to be taking a
sabbatical from the seven
my wife becca used to hunt the spice
girls
show me around [ __ ] ben you know she
was happy
homelander right there that was eight
years ago
either homeland that killed her or she
killed herself same difference
will you just [ __ ] keep her under
control wait why would vac give compound
v to terrorists
because the only thing more dangerous
than the terrorists is a soup terrorist
and the only way to fight it is with
sergeant [ __ ] homelander
i can give you everything you want on
this list
except except homelander
you're [ __ ] scared i'm [ __ ]
terrified
and you should be too a train said that
you have some information
do you have something for me or not yeah
he said you were looking for a uh skinny
white guy
british guy
got to keep your eye on the ball guys
the enemies are storming the gates
i mean we're not even the seventh
anymore we're down to fives
but at least now i know why
this guy is hugh campbell he's also one
of the guys
who killed translucent wait what
i know this guy you did smash through
his girlfriend so i should hope so
say hi to baby boy dad oh hey hey hey
why is he here he says you're in some
kind of trouble dad are you okay
get your ass over here in 20 minutes i'm
gonna burst on like a [ __ ] pinata do
you understand me just like i did your
girlfriend
that accident had a name and what about
popclaw she had a name
too you put her in danger and then you
threw her out like she was [ __ ]
garbage
you know you're right it would have been
stupid to come along
eight years ago rebecca butcher had come
to her with
a completely unprecedented medical
condition
she was pregnant with your child
we told her we'd deliver the baby safely
in a secure location
and the baby lived all of 10 seconds
drowned in its mother's blood
no homeland though no homelander we had
a deal everyone else is fair game
do you want this or not watch this
hey freeze [ __ ]
dude
how is that son of a [ __ ] still alive
the keep means captain
we believe it's his soup name
are you telling me they have a suit
terrorist
if you bring me in i'm dead before
sunrise no vault will want to string you
up for a long trial
this is about compound v it's this drug
it gives the soups
their powers pentagon's agreed to keep
compound v classified
classified in the doj agreed
you're wanting men now how old was i
when you let vat
pump me full of drugs annie honestly i
don't know how old
when you let them turn me into a free
you have a good life
people would give anything to be what
you are
madeline stillwell what's vp homelanders
remain account
they have a what shall we say a very
special relationship
i don't know if homelander has a
weakness but if he does she'll know it
vod is giving compound b to some bad
[ __ ] people like really bad
like that soup terrace that's insane no
it's true
look my friends want to stop it but they
got caught on vat's orders and i
huey i was almost arrested and now you
want me to help your psycho
killer friends i really did break every
bone in my right arm
i was just like you and then i started
giving pieces of myself away
and i guess i gave away everything so
you know what be
just be original be the annoying goody
two shoes [ __ ] that you are
did it ever occur to you that
a suit terror is showing up exactly
when we needed him to was pretty [ __ ]
incredible coincidence
well i borrowed some compound v
and now we have villains
all over the globe that only we
can fight i know you can see through the
ceiling
you try to kill me
and my trigger finger goes soft what do
you want do you
want a confession or are you telling me
that this
whole thing is based
on [ __ ] feelings you came
like you said
i'm a [ __ ] superhero homelander is
right
you are a [ __ ] rat turn around and
walk away
i i think he's having a heart attack
tell me the truth
or i walk out right now i'm scared of
you
thank you
what was that plan again oh well
mom wow look at this handsome devil
hey pal you know who i am homelander
yeah mommy didn't tell you i'm your
father
we are a family